# What's new in CF226

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF226 on supported platforms:

- Documentation for using custom certificates
<!--
- My HCLSoftware delivery portal
-->
- DX Compose software now available in Harbor
- Documentation for using Docker Compose
- Performance sizing guidance now available
- Search V2 enabled by default
- People Service and Search V2 integration
- Presentation Designer - Canvas settings
- DXClient - TLS certificate validation
- DXClient - New limitations for LiveSync
- DAM - New parameter for access control

## Documentation for using custom certificates

Documentation for [Using custom certificates in WebEngine](../deploy_dx/manage/working_with_compose/custom_certificates.md) is now available. This topic provides the steps on how to add custom certificates to the WebEngine server configuration through the Helm `values.yaml` file.

<!--
## My HCLSoftware delivery portal

HCL DX software is now available through the new [My HCLSoftware portal](https://my.hcltechsw.com/){target="_blank"} for customers licensed for the HCL Digital Experience Compose v9.5 offering. This in parallel to the existing HCL Software License Portal delivered in FlexNet. For more information, see [Download software](../getting_started/download/index.md).
-->

## DX Compose software now available in Harbor

Customers with entitlements to HCL Digital Experience Compose 9.5 may access the DX Compose container images and Helm charts from the [HCL container repository on Harbor](https://hclcr.io/){:target="_blank"}. Customers with credentials to access entitled software on the HCL Software Licensing Portal can apply those credentials to optionally access these components of DX Compose v9.5. For more information, see [Downloading and deploying DX Compose from a Harbor repository](../getting_started/download/harbor_container_registry.md).

## Documentation for using Docker Compose

Instructions for developers on how to deploy HCL DX Compose 9.5 for non-production purposes using [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/){target="_blank"} are now available. For more information, see [Docker Compose for HCL DX Compose](../deploy_dx/install/docker_compose.md).

## Performance sizing guidance now available

Results of DX sizing tests for rendering in a small Kubernetes configuration are now available. This guidance presents the key performance indicators (KPIs) and discusses how adjustments to the pod configuration can make improvements in the responsiveness of the system. For more information, see the topics [Performance Sizing Guide for Kubernetes Deployments](../guide_me/performance_tuning/index.md) and [Sizing guidance for rendering in a small-sized Kubernetes configuration](../guide_me/performance_tuning/kubernetes/rendering_small_config.md).

## Search V2 enabled by default

By default, Search V2 is enabled for DX Compose when the parameter `configuration.searchMiddleware.enabled` is set to `true` in the HCL DX Deployment Helm chart. For more information, see [Enabling Search V2](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/enable_search.md).

## People Service and Search V2 integration

You can integrate [People Service](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/integration/people_service/){target="_blank"} with [Search V2](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/search_v2/){target="_blank"} to enhance user discoverability and search performance. With this integration, you can access user profile data with real-time synchronization. For more information, see [People Service and Search V2 integration](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/enable_people_service.md#people-service-configuration).

## Presentation Designer - Canvas settings

Canvas settings are now available in Presentation Designer. With these settings, you can configure various aspects of the presentation such as canvas dimensions, direction, zoom level, and orientation. For more information, see [Accessing Presentation Designer](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/presentation_designer/access/){target="_blank"} and [Canvas settings in Presentation Designer](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/presentation_designer/usage/canvas_settings/){target="_blank"}.

## DXClient - TLS certificate validation

To improve security and maintain best practices in development and production environments, DXClient no longer ignores certificates that cannot be properly validated when using Transport Layer Security (TLS) connections. You can validate and trust custom certificates such as self-signed or third-party CAs without entirely disabling validation. For more information, see [Configuring TLS certificate validation for secure connections](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/#configuring-tls-certificate-validation-for-secure-connections){target="_blank"}.

## DXClient - New limitations for LiveSync

New limitations are documented for using LiveSync. For [Themes](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/dxclient_artifact_types/livesync/#themes){target="_blank"}, if files are deleted from the DX server while the LiveSync process is in progress, the files will not be restored from the local system. For [WCM Design Library](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/dxclient_artifact_types/livesync/#wcm-design-library){target="_blank"}, various scenarios and their limitations for concurrent users are added. Steps on how to resolve these limitations to the LiveSync process are also provided.

## DAM - New parameter for access control

New parameter `allowEditorToCreateCollections` is available to enable or disable creating collections for users assigned the Editor role. By default, this parameter is set to `true`. For more information, see [DAM Access Control Management](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/digital_assets/usage/managing_dam/dam_access_control/#dam-access-control-in-detail){target="_blank"}.
