# What's new in CF229 <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF229 on supported platforms:

- Access Layer updates in DX Deployments
- Blueprint design system
- DAM - Cancel ongoing uploads through the progress bar
- DAM - Collection sorting
- Enabling SSL connections for Oracle in WebEngine
- Enabling WAB to support SSL-secured websites
- Presentation Designer - Default and Override stylesheets now available
- Search V2 Authoring - Deleting items from search results now available
- TinyMCE Enhanced Rich Text Editor - Additional configuration settings now available
- User Session Reporting Tool - Removed `-productFeatureIdName` as a command-line parameter

## Access Layer updates in DX Deployments <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

The Access Layer documentation has been thoroughly revised to provide clearer guidance on integrating an external Access Layer with HAProxy, which continues to serve as the internal reverse proxy and load balancer. This update details how to effectively leverage external access solutions for robust traffic management.

The Ingress documentation has been updated to reflect current best practices and address common configuration scenarios. Additionally, new documentation for the Gateway API has been introduced, offering it as an optional, modern alternative to Ingress for managing external access to cluster services. For more details, see [Configure Access Layer for DX deployment](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/deployment/install/container/helm_deployment/preparation/optional_tasks/optional-configure-access-layer/){target="_blank"}.

See the following documents:

- [Enabling SSO between HCL DX and HCL Volt MX Foundry](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/extend_dx/integration/mx/configuration/enable_sso/){target="_blank"}
- [Considerations and limitations](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/extend_dx/integration/mx/considerations/){target="_blank"}
- [Using HCL DX APIs in HCL Volt MX Foundry](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/extend_dx/integration/mx/example/integrate_dx_api_mx/){target="_blank"}
- [Integrating Volt MX data and applications into HCL DX](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/extend_dx/integration/mx/example/integrate_mx_data_to_dx/){target="_blank"}
- [Deploying HCL Volt MX portlets into HCL DX](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/extend_dx/integration/mx/example/integrate_mx_portlet_to_dx/){target="_blank"}

## Blueprint design system <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

Blueprint is a design system aimed at accelerating the implementation of new sites in the HCL DX platform. The Blueprint design system will be automatically installed as part of this CF and future release. For more information, refer to the [Blueprint](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/build_sites/blueprint/){target="_blank"} page or visit the [HCL DX Blueprint Storybook](https://pages.github.com/HCL-TECH-SOFTWARE/dx-blueprint-storybook/){target="_blank"}.

## DAM - Cancel ongoing uploads through the progress bar <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

The upload progress bar now includes controls to cancel uploads that are in-progress. You can cancel individual file or folder uploads using the Cancel Uploading button next to each in-progress item. You can also use the Cancel All button to stop all pending items at once. For more information, refer to [Uploading rich media assets](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/digital_assets/usage/managing_dam/upload_rich_media_assets/#cancelling-uploads){target="_blank"}.

## DAM - Collection sorting <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

You can now sort collections and their contents to find them more efficiently. Sorting options are available for root-level collections and the assets and sub-collections within them. This feature is available in both Grid and List views. A dedicated icon allows you to switch between ascending and descending order. For more information, refer to [Uploading rich media assets](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/digital_assets/usage/managing_dam/upload_rich_media_assets/#sorting-root-and-nested-collections){target="_blank"}.

## Enabling SSL connections for Oracle in WebEngine

You can now enable Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) database connections for Oracle in the WebEngine server. Before configuring the WebEngine server, ensure that SSL connections are enabled on the Oracle server.  
For more information, see [Manage WebEngine SSL database connections](../deploy_dx/manage/working_with_compose/db_over_ssl.md#connecting-webengine-to-oracle-over-ssl).

## Enabling WAB to support SSL-secured websites

You can now configure the Web Application Bridge (WAB) to integrate with external websites secured by self-signed certificates not directly trusted by browsers. To enable secure connections, add the self-signed certificate to the truststore. For more information, refer to [Integrating WAB with DX Compose](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/wab_integration.md).

## Presentation Designer - Default and Override stylesheets now available <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

Default and Override stylesheets have been added to Presentation Designer. The Default stylesheet provides a foundational set of styles that are automatically applied to various elements while the Override stylesheet allows users to customize styles for specific elements. These stylesheets support the handling of type selectors and class selectors. For more information, refer to [Default and Override stylesheets in Presentation Designer](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/wcm_authoring/presentation_designer/usage/default_and_override_stylesheet){target="_blank"}.

## Search V2 Authoring - Deleting items from search results now available <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

In Search V2 Authoring, you can now delete items from the search results. The item will be removed during the next crawler run that updates the search index. For more information, refer to [Using Search V2 Authoring](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/build_sites/search_v2_authoring/usage/#deleting-an-item-from-search-results){target="_blank"}.

## TinyMCE Enhanced Rich Text Editor - Additional configuration settings now available <!--Replace internal links with external links-->

Additional configuration options for web content in-place editing are now available for the TinyMCE Enhanced Rich Text Editor. Currently, the following TinyMCE configuration options are supported: `valid_children`, `toolbar`, and `toolbar_mode`. The value must be in an array format. For more information, refer to [Using a custom TinyMCE editor configuration with in-place editing](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/wcm_configuration/cfg_webcontent_auth_env/wcm_config_ephox_custom/#using-a-custom-tinymce-editor-configuration-with-in-place-editing){target="_blank"}.

## User Session Reporting Tool - Removed `-productFeatureIdName` as a command-line parameter

In the User Session Reporting Tool, `productFeatureIdName` has been removed as a command-line parameter. The `productFeatureId` will now be read from the License Manager’s environment variable instead of being passed in the command. For more information, refer to [Configuring MHS file-based session reporting](../getting_started/download/configure_entitlement_checks/configuring_mhs_file_base_session_reporting.md).
