# What's new in CF225

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF225 on supported platforms:

## Upgrade steps using Helm now available

Documentation on how to upgrade the configuration of an HCL DX Compose 9.5 CF224 or later deployment using Helm is now available. For more information, see [Upgrading Helm deployment](../deploy_dx/install/kubernetes_deployment/update_helm_deployment.md).

## Custom PVCs now supported

Starting with CF225, you can configure additional Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) for the WebEngine stateful set. You can also specify the directories where they will be be mounted in the main containers of all WebEngine pods. For more information, see [Configuring additional WebEngine persistent volumes](../deploy_dx/install/kubernetes_deployment/preparation/mandatory_tasks/prepare_persistent_volume_claims.md#configuring-additional-webengine-persistent-volumes).

## Ability to change the Portal URI

You can change the default portal Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) any time after you install HCL DX Compose to suit the requirements of your organization. For more information, see [Changing the Portal URI in Kubernetes deployments](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/changing_portal_uri_in_kubernetes.md).

## Using DDC for integration

You can use the Digital Data Connector (DDC) for the HCL DX Compose framework to integrate data from external data sources to your portal pages. Documentation for integrating HCL Volt MX Foundry to DX Compose using DDC is now available. For more information, see [Integrating DDC in DX Compose](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/integrate_ddc/index.md) and [Connecting to HCL Volt MX Foundry through DDC](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/integrate_ddc/integrating_voltmx_foundry/index.md).

## User session tracking and reporting

You can configure user session tracking, view DX Compose 9.5 user session consumption, and manually export a report of the number of sessions used in specified time periods. Note that user session tracking and reporting support the protection of the Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of users. Data such as the User ID and the IP Address are not stored in the server logs or presented in user session usage reports. For more information, see [Tracking user session consumption and exporting usage reports](../getting_started/download/export_usage_report.md).

## OIDC authentication in DX Compose

You can configure DX Compose to use an OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity provider. In this scenario, users can log in to the OIDC identity provider and not DX Compose. Note that currently, users authenticated to DX Compose must reside in the DX Compose user registry, generally an LDAP server. For more information, see [Configuring DX Compose to use an OIDC identity provider](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/configure_compose_to_use_oidc.md).

## Initial DX Compose performance tuning

Documentation for tuning the initial DX Compose performance is now available. The guide identifies the Helm charts that provide initial tuning for various WebEngine production scenarios. You can also find the Helm command used to update those WebEngine environments. Note that you can only determine the optimal settings for DX Compose after any changes or additions are complete. For more information, see [Tuning the initial DX Compose performance](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/tune_initial_portal_performance.md).

## Adjustment of seedlists for access control changes

A new option is available where you can have the seedlist return items affected by library access control changes. To enable this feature, set ```seedlistUpdateLibrariesForAccessControl=true``` in `WCM WCMConfigService`. For more information, see [Crawling web content with search seedlists](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/search/crawling_webcontent_seedbase/){target="_blank"}.

## DXClient - LiveSync enabled for Presentation Templates

LiveSync now supports Presentation Templates. For more information, see [DXClient](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/) and [LiveSync](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/dxclient_artifact_types/livesync/){target="_blank"}.

## Search V2 - Styling customizations

You can customize Search V2 by providing custom CSS modules. For more information, see [Customizations for Search V2](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/search_v2/customizations/){target="_blank"}.

## Custom `liveness` probe target value

In previous releases, the `liveness` probe target values are fixed because they are specific to the application and should not be changed. Starting CF225, Core provides a `customProbeURL` value that allows you to configure the `liveness` probe target value. If the `customProbeURL` is empty, the `liveness` probe target value for Core is `"/ibm/console"` by default. For more information, see [Probes configuration in values.yaml file](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/deployment/install/container/helm_deployment/preparation/mandatory_tasks/probes_configuration/){target="_blank"}.
