# What's new in CF228 

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF228 on supported platforms:

- Customizing the DX Compose WebEngine image
- Configuring JAAS modules for use with transient users
- DAM - New parameter for bulk upload warning
- Enabling SSL connections for DB2 in WebEngine
- Enabling transient users when using an OIDC identity provider
- Presentation Designer - Additional units of measurement for style properties

## Customizing the DX Compose WebEngine image

Custom JARs and related files can be added to an existing official HCL DX Compose WebEngine image and the customized image deployed in your environment. For more information refer to [Customizing the HCL DX Compose WebEngine image](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/customize_webengine_image.md).

## Configuring JAAS modules for use with transient users

While enabling transient users allows external OpenID Connect (OIDC) users to log in, custom Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) login modules can provide further integration. This includes mapping additional user attributes from the OIDC provider to the DX user session or assigning transient users to specific DX groups based on OIDC claims. For more information refer to [Configuring JAAS modules for use with transient users in DX Compose](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/configure_jaas_modules.md).

## DAM - New parameter for bulk upload warning

You can now configure a warning to appear if the number of rich media assets intended for bulk upload exceeds a certain limit using the `maxBulkUploadWithoutWarning` parameter. You can configure this parameter in Helm. For more information, refer to [Uploading rich media assets](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/CF227/manage_content/digital_assets/usage/managing_dam/upload_rich_media_assets/){target="_blank"}.

## Enabling SSL connections for DB2 in WebEngine

You can now enable Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) database connections for DB2 in the WebEngine server. Before configuring the WebEngine server to connect to DB2 over SSL, you must enable SSL connections on the DB2 server. For more information, refer to [Managing WebEngine SSL database connections](../deploy_dx/manage/working_with_compose/db_over_ssl.md).

## Enabling transient users when using an OIDC identity provider

You can now enable transient users in HCL DX Compose when using an OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity provider. Transient users are authenticated externally through the OIDC provider and do not require a corresponding entry in the local DX Compose user registry. This allows users managed by an external identity provider to access DX Compose without duplicating their accounts locally. For more information, refer to [Configuring transient users in DX Compose with OpenID Connect](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/configure_transient_users.md).

## Presentation Designer - Additional units of measurement for style properties

You can now change the unit of measurement for the different styling properties in Presentation Designer. Click the measuring unit next to a style property to reveal a list of units you can choose from. For more information, refer to [Styling options - Style sections](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/CF227/manage_content/wcm_authoring/presentation_designer/usage/styling_options/#style-sections){target="_blank"}.

## OL and JRE versions

HCL DX Compose 9.5 CF228 contains the following:

- OpenLiberty <!--version #-->
- Java Runtime Environment <!--version #-->
