# What's new in CF227 <!--Update URLs to external links-->

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF227 on supported platforms:

- Content as a Service - Enabling CaaS in DX Compose
- DAM - Access Control Cache
- DXClient - Style-sheet components for LiveSync
- DX Compose software now available in the My HCLSoftware portal
- Impersonation feature now available in DX Compose
- New sizing guidance for rendering in a small configuration
- Oracle Support now available for DX Compose
- Previewing as Another User feature now available in DX Compose
- Search V2 - Added supported CSS part attributes for each Atomic Component
- Search V2 Authoring - New Authoring Search interface
- User Session Reporting Tool - Updated the command to generate user session data usage in metrics format

## Content as a Service - Enabling CaaS in DX Compose

Documentation to enable Content as a Service (CaaS) pages in DX Compose is now available. CaaS pages allow you to render content managed by your HCL Web Content Manager (WCM) in different formats. Refer to [Content as a Service pages](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_delivery/content_as_a_service/){target="_blank"} for more information. The instructions for deploying CaaS to WebEngine differ from Core (Legacy) due to the lack of ConfigEngine in WebEngine. For more information, refer to [Setting up Content as a Service](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/setup_cntnt_serv_pgs.md).

## DAM - Access Control Cache

The DAM Access Control Cache improves performance by reducing redundant access control checks with the Ring API. It caches responses with a configurable Time-to-Live (TTL) mechanism and optimizes efficiency by handling in-flight requests. Caching is enabled by default with a TTL of 10 seconds. For more information, refer to [DAM Access Control Cache](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/digital_assets/usage/managing_dam/dam_access_control_cache/){target="_blank"}. <!--change to external links-->

## DXClient - Style-sheet components for LiveSync

Style-sheet components are now supported in LiveSync Pull and Push commands for the HCL Web Content Manager (WCM) Design Library. For more information, refer to [LiveSync - Limitations and Troubleshooting: WCM Library](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/dxclient_artifact_types/livesync/#wcm-design-library){target="_blank"}. <!--change to external links-->

## DX Compose software now available in the My HCLSoftware portal

HCL DX Compose software is now available through the new [My HCLSoftware portal](https://my.hcltechsw.com/){target="_blank"} for customers licensed for the HCL Digital Experience Compose v9.5 offering. This is in parallel to the existing HCL Software License Portal delivered in FlexNet, through June 30, 2025. For more information, refer to the [HCL Digital Experience offerings are now available for download from the My HCLSoftware portal](https://support.hcl-software.com/csm?id=kb_article&sysparm_article=KB0120373){target="_blank"} knowledge article.

## Impersonation feature now available in DX Compose

The impersonation feature in HCL DX Compose enables users with sufficient access rights to act as a different user within the application without needing that user's credentials. This feature is useful for troubleshooting and verifying user-specific configurations. For more information, refer to [Administering user impersonation](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/deployment/manage/security/people/authorization/users_and_groups/impersonation/){target="_blank"}.

!!!note
    The impersonation feature does not work by default. To enable it, you must disable the authentication cache. Otherwise, the impersonated user will be prompted to authenticate again. For more information, refer to [Disabling Authentication Cache for Impersonation](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/configuration_changes_using_overrides.md#disabling-authentication-cache-for-impersonation).

## New sizing guidance for rendering in a small configuration

Results of DX Compose sizing tests for rendering in a small Kubernetes configuration are now available. This guidance presents the key performance indicators (KPIs) and discusses how adjustments to the pod configuration can make improvements in the responsiveness of the system. For more information, refer to the [Sizing guidance for rendering in a small-sized Kubernetes configuration](../guide_me/performance_tuning/kubernetes/rendering_small_config.md).

## Oracle Support now available for DX Compose

DX Compose now additionally supports Oracle on Amazon RDS versions 19c and 21c (Single-tenant configuration) as an external database. Before you can [configure Oracle as an external database](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/external_db_database_transfer.md), you must create custom option groups with the JVM option, attach it to RDS instance, and remove the default option group to support XA transactions for WebEngine. Refer to [Configure Custom Option Groups for Amazon RDS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithOptionGroups.html){target="_blank"} for more information.

## Previewing as Another User feature now available in DX Compose

You can now preview changes to your website without logging out and logging on again as another user. This preview capability allows you to quickly verify that users with different access levels see only the content they are authorized to see. You can preview changes as a specific user or as an unauthenticated user. For more information, refer to [Previewing as another user](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_delivery/preview_another_user/){target="_blank"}.

## Search V2 - Added supported CSS part attributes for each Atomic Component

Supported CSS part attributes have been added for each Atomic Component (AC) of Search V2. CSS part attributes are responsible for determining the appropriate CSS for each AC and its elements based on the component's state and properties. For more information, refer to [Components of Search V2 - Atomic Components](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/build_sites/search_v2/components/#atomic-components){target="_blank"}. <!--change to external links-->

## Search V2 Authoring - New Authoring Search interface

Search V2 Authoring is now available in HCL DX Compose. This feature introduces a new search interface along with a new backend service that utilizes OpenSearch to provide a seamless search experience. For more information, refer to [Search V2 Authoring](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/build_sites/search_v2_authoring/){target="_blank"}. <!--change to external links-->

## User Session Reporting Tool - Updated the command to generate user session data usage in metrics format

User Session Reporting Tool parameters have been updated to allow all named parameters to be used in any order within the generate user session data usage command. You can now exclude multiple IPs and session keys by adding multiple `-excludeIP` or `-excludeSessionKey` parameters, respectively. The `-excludeIPs` and `-excludeSessionKeys` parameters have also been updated to exclude the `-excludeIP` and `-excludeSessionKey` parameters. For more information, refer to [Using the User Session Reporting Tool with My HCLSoftware](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/get_started/download/software_licensing_portal/configure_entitlement_checks/user_session_reporting_tool_non_kubernetes/){target="_blank"} and [User Session Reporting Tool](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/get_started/download/software_licensing_portal/configure_entitlement_checks/user_session_reporting_tool/){target="_blank"}. <!--change to external links-->
