# Features available with DX Compose V9.5 CF224

The following features are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose v9.5 CF224 on supported Kubernetes platforms:

## Product overview

[HCL DX Compose]()<!--link to be added once file is available--> is a lightweight, fast performing, cloud–only digital experience platform for delivering content-centric and transactional experiences. DX Compose includes a core container called WebEngine that is built on the [Open Liberty](https://openliberty.io/){target="_blank"} platform and operates on [certified Kubernetes platforms](../getting_started/system_requirements.md#kubernetes-platform-policy). This architecture supports fast startup and execution times to deliver high-performance DX sites, and is capable of using the latest Java Development Kit (JDK) and Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) levels.

## Getting the software 

HCL DX Compose 9.5 is available in the [HCL Software License Portal (Flexnet)](https://support.hcl-software.com/csm?id=kb_article&sysparm_article=KB0073344){target="_blank"} to customers licensed for the **HCL Digital Experience Compose v9.5 offering**. HCLSoftware offering licenses can be viewed on the [HCL Software License Agreements](https://www.hcl-software.com/resources/license-agreements){target="_blank"} site.

!!!note
    In this release, instructions for use of select features are located in the [HCL Digital Experience Help Center](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/){target="_blank"}. These will be documented in the HCL Digital Experience Compose Help Center in future releases.

## Plan your deployment

- **Architecture** – HCL DX Compose is scalable and flexible, supports rapid startup and execution, authentication for security and personalization, and integration with various applications. [Learn more about DX Compose architecture](../getting_started/architecture_dependencies.md).

- **System requirements** – HCL DX Compose is supported on certified Kubernetes platforms. [Learn more about DX Compose system requirements](../getting_started/system_requirements.md). 

- **Deploy** – View environment preparation and detailed guidance for Helm-based deployments to Kubernetes platforms. [Learn more about DX Compose deployment procedures](../deploy_dx/index.md).<!-- Link needs updating when deployment section is reorganized -->

## Site creation

- **Site Manager** - HCL DX Compose provides web site composition and management features. [Learn more about Site Management.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/get_started/product_overview/site_building/){target="_blank"}

- **Projects** – HCL DX Compose provides project management features to organize and update site pages. [Learn more about Project management features.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/authoring_portlet/change_management/){target="_blank"}

- **Customize sites** – Apply custom branding and themes in your sites [Learn more about customizing themes.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/build_sites/themes_skins/themeopt_themedev_themes_roadmap/){target="_blank"}

- **Create role-based sites** – Control access to authoring and items management, and to elements and pages that are displayed within a website. [Learn more about role-based site management.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/deployment/manage/security/people/authorization/controlling_access/wcm_security/){target="_blank"}

- **Personalize sites** – Targeted content provides you with a way to deliver multiple pieces of content to different audiences. [Learn more about targeted content and Personalization.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/manage_content/pzn/pzn_intro/){target="_blank"}

- **Collaborate** - People Service adds a layer of social connectivity in HCL DX Compose, making it easier for team members to connect. It enhances user profiles with additional data and interactive features, improving team collaboration and project execution. The service is also supported by a robust API layer compatible with OpenAPI, ensuring third-party support and extensibility. [Learn more about People Service.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/deployment/manage/security/people/){target="_blank"}


## Administration

- **Configure** – Configure and manage DX Compose deployments. [Learn more about DX Compose configuration and management services.](../deploy_dx/manage/index.md)

- **Using external databases for production** – Update the database used for production. [Learn more about using an external database and database transfer.](../deploy_dx/manage/external_db_database_transfer.md)

- **Security and Authentication** – Integrate and configure LDAP server with the DX Compose using Helm. [Learn more about LDAP configuration.](../deploy_dx/manage/ldap_configuration.md)

- **Tuning** – Add, update, or delete deployment properties from services in Helm to tune your implementation. [Learn more about updating DX Compose deployment properties.](../deploy_dx/manage/update_properties_with_helm.md)

- **User Tracking** - Configure user session tracking DX Compose v9.5 deployments on supported Kubernetes platforms. [Learn more about configuring User Session tracking](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/get_started/download/software_licensing_portal/configure_entitlement_checks/export_usage_report/){target="_blank"}.

## Content and Digital Asset Management

- **Create and manage content with Web Content Manager (WCM) and Content Composer** - Set up the Web Content authoring environment. [Learn more about setting up Web Content.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/manage_content/wcm_configuration/cfg_webcontent_auth_env/){target="_blank"}

- **Manage assets with Digital Asset Management (DAM)** - DAM is used for managing web-ready digital assets such as images or videos for use in content and sites built with HCL DX Compose. Learn more about enabling [Content Composer](../deploy_dx/manage/enable_cc.md) and [DAM](../deploy_dx/manage/enable_dam.md) in DX Compose.

- **Use OpenSearch to search Content, site pages, and portlets** – Configure OpenSearch to support DX Compose search services. [Learn more about enabling OpenSearch.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/deployment/install/container/helm_deployment/preparation/optional_tasks/optional_install_new_search/){target="_blank"}

- **Apply AI analysis to content and assets** – Use AI features to augment content and asset management and delivery. [Learn more about enabling AI analysis services in DX Compose.](../deploy_dx/manage/enable_content_ai.md)

- **Manage presentation of multilingual content** - Use the Multilingual Content Solution (MLS) to coordinate publication of multilingual content. [Learn more about the MLS.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/manage_content/wcm_development/wcm_dev_api/wcm_mls_api/){target="_blank"}

- **Analyze site usage** - Collect data about user behavior in your DX Compose sites and send that data to a service for analysis, using Active Site Analytics (ASA). [Learn more about ASA.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/deployment/manage/monitoring/analyze_portal_usage/user_behavior_by_asa/){target="_blank"}

- **Syndicate content from server to server** - Syndication is used to replicate data from a web content library on one server to a web content library on another server under a one-way or two-way relationship. [Learn more about setting up syndication.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/manage_content/wcm_delivery/syndication/wcm_rm_syndication/){target="_blank"}

## Development and integration

- **Create custom Script Applications** - Script Applications enable developers to create simple to complex integrated applications. [Learn more about using Script Applications](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/extend_dx/script_application/){target="_blank"}.

- **Integrate external sites with Web Application Bridge (WAB)** - WAB can be used to integrate web-based content providers with HCL DX Compose sites. Administrators must first define the virtual web applications or content providers. [Learn more about using WAB.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/extend_dx/integration/wab/){target="_blank"}

- **Integrate HCL Leap applications using Script Applications or WCM components** - HCL Leap builds dynamic forms and applications with a web-based interface. [Learn more about integrating HCL Leap with DX Compose.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/extend_dx/integration/leap/){target="_blank"}

- **Integrate HCL Foundry services with DX Compose** - Volt MX Foundry is a back-end service provider that helps developers build omni-channel digital applications. [Learn more about integrating Foundry with DX Compose.](https://opensource.hcltechsw.com/digital-experience/latest/extend_dx/integration/mx/){target="_blank"} <!-- This links to DX instruction for integrating Foundry. -->

- **Use DXClient for automation and release management** -  DXClient is a command line tool that can be used to execute development automation and CI/CD-related tasks. [Learn more about release process artifacts supported in DX Compose.](../deploy_dx/manage/dxclient.md)