# What's new in CF231 

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF231 on supported platforms:

- DAM - External database support now available
- DX Picker integration with Search V2
- Script for Liberty Status table management now available
- Search V2 - New Atomic Components and supported CSS part attributes available
- Site Builder is now available in HCL DX Compose
- OpenLiberty and JRE versions

## DAM - External database support now available

You can now configure external databases for Digital Asset Management (DAM). For more information and a sample scenario, refer to [Configuring an external database for DAM](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/digital_assets/configuration/external_dam_database/){target="_blank"}.

## DX Picker integration with Search V2

The DX Picker feature is now integrated in Search V2. This integration lets you search and select items from multiple content sources, including Java Content Repository (JCR) and Web Content Manager (WCM), in addition to Digital Asset Management (DAM). Installation and deployment methods have also been streamlined for efficiency. For more information, refer to the following topics:

- [Enabling and disabling DX Picker](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/dx_picker/enable/){target="_blank"}
- [Accessing DX Picker](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/dx_picker/access/){target="_blank"}
- [Using DX Picker](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/dx_picker/usage/){target="_blank"}
- [Limitations of DX Picker](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/dx_picker/limitations/){target="_blank"}

## Script for Liberty Status table management now available

You can now manage custom entries (create, read, update, delete) in the `LIBERTY_STATUS` table using the `custom_liberty_status.sh` helper function. Use this script to set, track, and control key-value pairs across your custom deployment's startup and update scripts. For more information on how to include and call this script from your custom startup or update scripts, refer to [Managing the Liberty Status table in custom scripts](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/custom_liberty_status.md).

## Search V2 - New Atomic Components and supported CSS part attributes available

New Atomic Components (ACs) and their corresponding CSS part attributes are now available for Search V2. Existing ACs and Functional Composite Components (FCCs) have also been updated to support additional CSS part attributes.

|New ACs|Updated ACs|Updated FCCs|
|-----|-----|-----|
|`dx-accordion`<br>`dx-alert`<br>`dx-breadcrumbs`<br>`dx-breadcrumbs-item`<br>`dx-data-grid-generic`<br>`dx-datepicker`<br>`dx-item-type-avatar`<br>`dx-multiple-select-chip`<br>`dx-panel`<br>`dx-preview`<br>`dx-snackbar`<br>`dx-theme-inspector`<br>`dx-tooltip`<br>|`dx-anchor`<br>`dx-avatar`<br>`dx-badge`<br>`dx-dialog`<br>`dx-header`<br>`dx-icon-button`<br>`dx-menu-item`<br>`dx-search-center-layout`<br>`dx-table-pagination`<br>`dx-toggle-button`<br>|`dx-circular-progress`*<br>`dx-search-input-type`<br>`dx-search-output`<br>|

\* Reclassified as an AC

For more information on the new and updated ACs, refer to [Atomic Components](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/search_v2/components/atomic_components/){target="_blank"} and [Functional Composite Components](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/search_v2/components/functional_composite_components/){target="_blank"}.

## Site Builder is now available in HCL DX Compose

You can now use the Site Builder application to create site or section templates for use in HCL DX Compose. For more information on Site Builder and how to import its template library onto a new virtual portal, refer to the following topics:

- [Site Builder](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/sitebuilder/){target="_blank"}
- [Importing the Site Builder Template library onto a new virtual portal](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/import_site_builder_library.md)

## OpenLiberty and JRE versions

HCL DX Compose 9.5 CF231 contains the following:

- OpenLiberty 25.0.0.9
- Java Runtime Environment IBM Semeru Runtime Open Edition 11.0.24.1 (build 11.0.24+8)

## Access the latest HCL Digital Experience 9.5 Education Materials on HCLSoftware U

The HCLSoftware U offers technical education for the HCL Software portfolio of products, organized by practitioner role. See the [HCL Digital Experience](https://hclsoftwareu.hcl-software.com/hcl-dx){target="_blank"} section of HCLSoftware U and the [What’s New for Digital Experience](https://hclsoftwareu.hcl-software.com/courses?search=eyJjYXQiOiI1NSIsInRpdGxlIjoiIiwiZmlsdGVyIjoiIn0=){target="_blank"} section for more information.
