# What's new in CF230 

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF230 on supported platforms:

- Deploying and configuring EAR-based themes and WCM plugins
- Customized DX Compose WebEngine images with custom scripts
- DXClient - New `xmlAccessOutputFileName` parameter added
- Enabling OIDC SSO for HCL Leap and HCL DX Compose Integration
- HCL DX Action Bar and Practitioner Studio UI updates
- New sizing guidance for rendering in a large configuration
- Presentation Designer - Handle multiple stylesheet components
- Search V2 Authoring - Advanced search filters
- Support for using SQL Server version 2022 when using Amazon RDS
- OL and JRE versions

## Deploying and configuring EAR-based themes and WCM plugins

You can now deploy and configure Enterprise Archive (EAR)-based themes and Web Content Manager (WCM) plugins for use in DX Compose deployments. For more information, refer to the following topics:

- [Deploying and configuring EAR-based themes](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/deploy_ear_theme.md)
- [Deploying and configuring WCM plugins](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/deploy_wcm_plugins.md)

## Customized DX Compose WebEngine images with custom scripts

You can now add custom shell scripts to specific plugin directories within the WebEngine container. These scripts can be configured to run during two key events:

- Scripts that run every time the container starts.
- Scripts that run when a new CF is applied, which is useful for tasks that need to be performed only during an update.

This new capability gives you more control over your DX Compose deployments, allowing for custom automation and configuration (such as registering an EAR-based theme) directly within the WebEngine container. Refer to [Customizing the HCL DX Compose WebEngine image with custom scripts](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/customize_webengine_image.md) for more information.

## DXClient - New `xmlAccessOutputFileName` parameter added

You can now use the new `xmlAccessOutputFileName` parameter to specify the name of an output XML file, providing you with an additional customization option for your Continuous Integration and Continuous Deliver (CI/CD) automations. For more information, refer to [XMLAccess](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/extend_dx/development_tools/dxclient/dxclient_artifact_types/xmlaccess/){target="_blank"}.

## Enabling OIDC SSO for HCL Leap and HCL DX Compose integration

You can now enable Single Sign-On (SSO) using the OpenID Connect (OIDC) protocol when integrating HCL DX Compose with HCL Leap. The OIDC protocol is natively supported since both applications run on Open Liberty. The protocol connects directly to the preferred Identity Provider (IdP), such as Azure AD, Keycloak or Okta. By configuring DX and Leap to trust your central IdP, users get a seamless, single log-in experience. For more information, refer to [Configuring HCL DX Compose and HCL Leap SSO with OIDC - Implementing OIDC SSO](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_dx_compose/configure_sso/integrating_leap_sso/index.md#implement-oidc-sso).

## HCL DX Action Bar and Practitioner Studio UI updates

The HCL DX Action Bar and Practitioner Studio UI have been updated with a new side navigation and improved navigation structure for enhanced usability and design. For more information, refer to the following topics:

- [Exploring the Site Toolbar and Site Manager - Action Bar](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/create_sites/adding_pages_content_more/toolbar_sm_ovr/#action-bar){target="_blank"}
- [Practitioner Studio - Enhanced Practitioner Studio and toolbar](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/practitioner_studio/#enhanced-practitioner-studio-and-toolbar){target="_blank"}

## New sizing guidance for rendering in a large configuration

Results of DX Compose sizing tests for rendering in a large Kubernetes configuration are now available. This guidance presents the key performance indicators (KPIs) and discusses how adjustments to the pod configuration can make improvements in the responsiveness of the system. For more information, refer to the [Sizing guidance for rendering in a large-sized Kubernetes configuration](../guide_me/performance_tuning/kubernetes/rendering_large_config.md).

## Presentation Designer - Handle multiple stylesheets components

You can now apply multiple stylesheet components to a presentation template for more advanced control and structured styling, giving you the freedom to define styles beyond the limitations of the Default and Override stylesheets in Presentation Designer. For more information, refer to [Handle multiple stylesheets in Presentation Designer](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/manage_content/wcm_authoring/presentation_designer/usage/handle_multiple_stylesheets/){target="_blank"}.

## Search V2 Authoring - Advanced search filters

You can now apply additional search options to refine your search results and narrow down large data sets more efficiently. These options include filters such as Author, Status, and Last Modified, and attributes such as Description, Title, and Type. For more information, refer to [Using Search V2 Authoring - Advanced Search Filter](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/build_sites/search_v2_authoring/usage/#advanced-search-filter){target="_blank"}.

## Support for SQL Server version 2022 when using Amazon RDS

DX Compose now supports SQL Server version 2022. For more information on this database, including its custom setup script, refer to [Using an external database and database transfer](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/external_db_database_transfer.md).

## OpenLiberty and JRE versions

HCL DX Compose 9.5 CF230 contains the following:

- OpenLiberty 25.0.0.7
- Java Runtime Environment IBM Semeru Runtime Open Edition 11.0.24.1 (build 11.0.24+8)
