# What's new in CF233

The following features and updates are available to customers installing HCL Digital Experience (DX) Compose Container Update CF233 on supported platforms:

- Configuring LTPA for DX Compose
- DAM - Database Analysis
- DAM - New required configuration to enable Indexing
- Impersonation feature improvement
- New How-to articles now available
- `newDbManagement` flag for database management
- OpenLiberty and JRE versions
- Search V2 - Specifying custom DNs for admin certificates
- Using `authFilter` for XMLAccess and Search V2 redirection in OIDC

## Configuring LTPA for DX Compose

You can now enable Single Sign-On (SSO) capabilities for the WebEngine component using Lightweight Third Party Authentication (LTPA). This configuration requires a Kubernetes Secret containing a binary `ltpa.keys` file and a corresponding password to encrypt and decrypt authentication tokens. For more information on how to configure LTPA, refer to [Configuring LTPA](../deploy_dx/install/kubernetes_deployment/preparation/optional_tasks/optional_configure_ltpa_key.md).

## DAM - Database Analysis <!--Update URL-->

The Database Analysis feature in Digital Asset Management (DAM) provides you with detailed metrics and insights into your DAM deployment. This feature helps you monitor database performance, storage utilization, and media asset distribution. You can access these metrics through the DAM REST API endpoint. For more information, refer to the [Database Analysis](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/digital_assets/usage/managing_dam/database_analysis/){target="_blank"}.

## DAM - New required configuration to enable Indexing <!--Update URL-->

Starting from CF233, to enable DAM Indexing, you need to set the `damIndexing` parameter to `true` in your `values.yaml` file and ensure all required `searchMiddleware` configurations are set. For more information, refer to [Adding OpenSearch middleware configurations and enabling DAM Indexing](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/manage_content/digital_assets/configuration/dam_indexing/configure_dam_indexing#adding-opensearch-middleware-configurations-and-enabling-dam-indexing){target="_blank"}.

## Impersonation feature improvement

You can now use the impersonation feature in HCL DX Compose without any additional configuration. The feature no longer requires disabling the authentication cache. This allows administrators to act as a different user within the application for troubleshooting and verifying user-specific configurations while maintaining the performance benefits of authentication caching. For more information, refer to [Administering user impersonation](https://help.hcl-software.com/digital-experience/9.5/latest/deployment/manage/security/people/authorization/users_and_groups/impersonation/){target="_blank"}.

## New How-to articles now available

A new batch of How-to articles has been migrated from the knowledge base and referenced in the DX Compose Help Center. For more information, refer to the [New and migrated articles](../guide_me/howto/whatsnew.md#cf233) section.

## `newDbManagement` flag for database management <!--Update URL-->

Use the `newDbManagement` flag (introduced in CF231) in your `custom-values.yaml` file to allow the Runtime Controller to manage database scaling, configuration updates, and failover automatically. You can use this flag for new and existing deployments. For more information, refer to [Enabling `newDbManagement`](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/deployment/install/container/helm_deployment/preparation/optional_tasks/optional_enable_new_db_management/){target="_blank"}.

## OpenLiberty and JRE versions

HCL DX Compose 9.5 CF233 contains the following:

- OpenLiberty 25.0.0.12
- Java Runtime Environment IBM Semeru Runtime Open Edition 21.0.9.0 (build 21.0.9+10-LTS)

## Search V2 - Specifying custom DNs for admin certificates <!--Update URL-->

You can now specify your own custom Distinguished Name (DN) for admin certificates in the Search V2 backend (OpenSearch) using the new `adminDN` value in the `hcl-dx-search` Helm chart. This allows you to use organization-specific certificates for OpenSearch security instead of the default DN. You can specify a single DN or multiple DNs separated by semicolons. For more information, refer to [Preparing certificates for inter-service communication](https://pages.git.cwp.pnp-hcl.com/CWPdoc/dx-mkdocs/in-progress/deployment/install/container/helm_deployment/preparation/optional_tasks/optional_install_new_search/#preparing-certificates-for-inter-service-communication){target="_blank"}.

## Using `authFilter` for XMLAccess and Search V2 redirection in OIDC

Use the `authFilter` element (introduced in CF225) to exclude XMLAccess and seedlist endpoints from OIDC authentication. This configuration ensures that scripts and Search V2 requests process locally instead of redirecting to the OIDC provider. For more information on how to add this filter to your DX Compose environment, refer to [Enabling OIDC authentication in DX Compose](../deploy_dx/manage/cfg_webengine/configure_compose_to_use_oidc.md#enabling-oidc-authentication-in-dx-compose).

## Access the latest HCL Digital Experience 9.5 Education Materials on HCLSoftware U

The HCLSoftware U offers technical education for the HCL Software portfolio of products, organized by practitioner role. See the [HCL Digital Experience](https://hclsoftwareu.hcl-software.com/hcl-dx){target="_blank"} section of HCLSoftware U and the [What’s New for Digital Experience](https://hclsoftwareu.hcl-software.com/courses?search=eyJjYXQiOiI1NSIsInRpdGxlIjoiIiwiZmlsdGVyIjoiIn0=){target="_blank"} section for more information.
